Describe cleaner way to add customizable character (#1090)
vis2k/Mirror: doc/articles/Guides/CustomPlayer.md

# Customizable Players

In many games you want to customize character creation.  You may want to pick the color of the hair, eyes, skin, height, race, etc.

> Out of the box Mirror will instantiate the player for you, which might prevent you from customizing your character. However Mirror provides the option of overriding player creation to anything.

Author: ```suggestion
By default Mirror will instantiate the player for you, which might prevent you from customizing it. However Mirror provides the option of overriding player creation and customize it.
```

1) Create a class that extends NetworkManager if you have not done so. For example:
```cs
public class MMONetworkManager : NetworkManager
{
    ...
}
```
and use it as your Network manager.

> 2) Open your Network Manager and disable the "Auto Create Player" boolean.

Author: ```suggestion
2) Open your Network Manager in the inspector and disable the "Auto Create Player" boolean.
```

3) Create a message that describes your player.  For example:
```cs
public class CreateMMOCharacterMessage : MessageBase
{
    public Race race;
    public string name;
    public Color hairColor;
    public Color eyeColor
    ...
}
```

> 4) Create your player prefabs (as many as you need) and add them to the "Register Spawnable Prefabs" in your Network Manager

Reviewer: Going along with my suggestion below, instead tell them to create a player prefab and assign it normally to the `playerPrefab field`, still with auto-create unchecked. Give the hint that it would have a component with SyncVar's for the character features above.

5) Send your message and register a player
```cs
public class MMONetworkManager : NetworkManager
{
    public override void OnStartServer()
    {
        base.OnStartServer();

        NetworkServer.RegisterHandler<CreateMMOCharacterMessage>(OnCreateCharacter);
    }

    private void OnCreateCharacter(NetworkConnection conn, CreateMMOCharacterMessage message)
    {
        // use message data to locate the prefab 
        // and intitialize whatever attribute you want
        Race race = message.race;
        String name = message.name;
        Color hairColor = message.hairColor;
        Color eyeColor = message.eyeColor;

>         GameObject player = Instantiate(somePrefab);

Reviewer: Suggest rewriting this as customizing a prefab.  Move this line up, use the actual field `playerPrefab`, and then apply the message data via `GetComponent<playerData>()` and setting SyncVars.  You don't need to write `playerData` out, just a code comment that it's a theoretical component of the prefab.

        // call this to use this gameobject as the 
        // primary controller
        NetworkServer.AddPlayerForConnection(conn, player);
    }

>     public override void OnClientConnect(NetworkConnection conn)

Reviewer: Move this up above OnCreateCharacter since this is a doc and needs to read in order of what happens.

# Customizable Players

> In many games you want to customize character creation.  You may want to pick the color of the hair, eyes, skin, height, race, etc.

Author: ```suggestion
Many games need character customization.  You may want to pick the color of the hair, eyes, skin, height, race, etc.
```

> By default Mirror will instantiate the player for you, which might prevent you from customizing it. However Mirror provides the option of overriding player creation and customize it.

Author: ```suggestion
By default Mirror will instantiate the player for you. While that is convenient, it might prevent you from customizing it. Mirror provides the option of overriding player creation and customize it.
```

1) Create a class that extends NetworkManager if you have not done so. For example:
```cs
public class MMONetworkManager : NetworkManager
{
    ...
}
```

> and use it as your Network manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and use it as your Network manager.  
```
You need 2 trailing spaces at the end of the line for the numbered list to format correctly.

> 2) Open your Network Manager in the inspector and disable the "Auto Create Player" boolean.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2) Open your Network Manager in the inspector and disable the "Auto Create Player" boolean.  
```
You need 2 trailing spaces at the end of the line for the numbered list to format correctly.

public class MMONetworkManager : NetworkManager
{
    public override void OnStartServer()
    {
        base.OnStartServer();

        NetworkServer.RegisterHandler<CreateMMOCharacterMessage>(OnCreateCharacter);
    }

    public override void OnClientConnect(NetworkConnection conn)
    {
        base.OnClientConnect(conn);

        // you can send the message here,  or wherever else you want
        CreateMMOCharacterMessage characterMessage = new CreateMMOCharacterMessage() 
        {
            race = Race.Elvish,
            name = "Joe Gaba Gaba",
            hairColor = Color.Red,
            eyeColor = Color.White
        }

        conn.Send(characterMessage);
    }

    private void OnCreateCharacter(NetworkConnection conn, CreateMMOCharacterMessage message)
    {
        // playerPrefab is the one assigned
        // in the inspector in Network Manager
        // but you can use different prefabs
        // per race for example
        GameObject gameobject = Instantiate(playerPrefab);

        // apply data from the message
        // however appropriate for your game
        // Typically Player would be a component you write
        // with syncvars or properties

>         var player = gameobject.getComponent<Player>();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Player player = gameobject.GetComponent<Player>();
```

        player.hairColor = message.hairColor;
        player.eyeColor = message.eyeColor;
        player.name = message.name;

        // call this to use this gameobject as the 
        // primary controller
        NetworkServer.AddPlayerForConnection(conn, player);
    }

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

>    

Reviewer: remove blank lines

>    

Author: ```suggestion
```
